do you ever find that you're getting
attracted you find yourself attracted to
people that our distance are emotionally
unavailable that can be a pattern that
some people can follow to see here I
think you just hit them upside the head
it makes you feel so much better yeah
just do that next video please
this is reid mihalko for me too about
sex calm cathy vartuli from the intimacy
dojo what what can someone do if they
find themselves in that pattern well for
if you are attracted to people that are
distance or unavailable you seem to be
the common denominator in all of these
situations so get real with yourself why
do you have a pension for picking people
that are unavailable that are picking
people that are distant why not pick
people that are available why not pick
people that are more you know that are
the opposite of distance basically and
what open warmer can Imay people that
are basically probably going to yield
better relationships people that are
better communicators people that want to
be in a relationship like why are you
putting all this extra work on your
plate what are you trying to prove and
it might be that you need to go take a
workshop or get some therapy to explore
that I I had to do that I had a I have a
history of sexual abuse and I was
actually afraid of being intimate I
thought I would be hurt and I also had a
belief that the people I wanted to be
with wouldn't want to be with me so I
was actually creating that I believe was
strong enough that I was actively not
consciously but I was going out and the
people that I was attracted to the ones
that weren't available they were that
was attractive to me and safe and
certainly very safe because I ended up
if I even if I ended up in a
relationship with them
there wasn't that there wasn't too much
closeness it wasn't too close and I
could always be like oh if only I was
better different than
you know or if only that other person
would open up then I would have the
intimacy and I would kind of there was a
cross between blame myself and blaming
the other person rather than facing the
problem and luckily I was able to to
look at the problem a little bit more
and realize what what I was doing and
clean that up so that I was able to want
to be with people that wanted to be with
me mm-hmm
so what where might you be causing this
situation for yourself what tools or
skillsets can you develop or get so that
you can open up your own fears feel
safer be more courageous and start
picking people that are more available
more open for relationships it's okay to
be scared
like I'm often scared to death and a lot
of areas of my life but I'm very
comfortable with how afraid I am I'm
very confident with how awkward and
insecure I feel so I can show up in the
world
even though I'm still you know petrified
and often feeling like you know the
awkward 7th grader I'm I know that about
myself and I have the tools and the
wherewithal to show up still which
allows me to ask for the things I want
and to start interacting with and
attracting the people that are better
fit for me for creating the life that I
want and it is a muscle that you can
build up the first times I started
reaching out to people I was terrified
and it just gets easier the more you
practice you can take baby steps and
start asked a friend to practice with
you if you if your comfort of you have
if you're okay having close friends but
not romantic friends you talk to people
about that get it out of your head words
you know bad neighborhood of you we're
like you know check out your like meetup
commas then go to a workshop build
community around you with people that
geek out about these same kinds of
things so you guys can work together
yeah on these things so you one you
don't feel alone and to by working to
get
with other people you start building
community and those people because
they're also working on these new skill
sets they might be really great people
for you to be friends with actually
you're my list mirror yeah you deserve
to have a connection you deserve to have
many connections and getting over this
whether it's you're trying to finally
prove that you could win your dad over
if he was distant or your first
relationship who was distant you're
finally one that or that you're afraid
to get too close you can get that stuff
handled relationships can be so
beautiful when you're was someone who
wants to be there how are you making
yourself more available their comments